detective recap here today i'm going to
explain a crime horror film called the
tall man
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
000 children are reported missing each
year in the usa although most are found
within a few days
there are still a thousand children that
disappear without leaving a trace
in the town of cold rock the cops go to
the tunnels in search of the recently
reported missing children
finding no trace of the kids lieutenant
dodd instructs the local police to put a
police line around the area and make
sure that nobody goes in or out
dodd then goes to the infirmary to visit
a beaten up julia denning informing her
that they haven't found the missing
children
cold rock is a small town that's been
struck by poverty ever since its mine
closed
people blame it for the lack of jobs and
money but something much worse has come
to destroy the town
that morning the townsfolk have no idea
that the case of cold rock will reach
its conclusion
36 hours earlier tracy and jenny take
carol to the local community clinic
where nurse julia denning works
carol is in agony and as julia comes to
her aid they all realize that she's
pregnant
julia delivers the baby and after making
sure that the infant is okay
she tells carol's mother tracy that they
need to take her grandson to the
hospital for monitoring
tracy however doesn't want to as carol
gets to hold her child
tracy admits to julia that her boyfriend
stephen likes her daughters
she says he's constantly parading around
them showing and teaching them new
things
carol falls for his tricks but tracy
insists that she didn't realize this
sooner
if she did she would have shot him julia
then tells her to get rid of stephen but
to her dismay tracy says it's nobody
else's business but their own
in cold rock there are times when
children are born but they are not
wanted
but even if they are wanted bad things
can still happen to these kids like
disappearing without a trace
the people believe that something
sinister has come to cold rock taking
their children away when the case of
missing children worsened the townsfolk
started blaming the tall man
many parents had given their testimonies
to the local media recounting how they
lost their sons or daughters
while some don't believe the myth most
are still convinced that the tall man is
responsible for the missing children
at the local diner douglas and sheriff
chestnut discuss the possibility of a
child abuser praying on the children
when chestnut is about to explain
douglas cuts him off and says that the
culprit is a bad person who hurts kids
and not some evil entity like the tall
man
as they talk dodd shows up and comments
on how douglas is shooting off his mouth
about the case
defensive douglas tells dad that he's
sure the lieutenant isn't there to catch
a ghost and dodd agrees with him
when dodd leaves douglas expresses his
surprise that the man is back in town
julia then arrives and douglas says that
dodd will once again do his rounds but
it won't matter since their town is
already finished
suddenly mrs johnson shows up outside
the diner her hair a mess and her face
dazed and confused
julia sympathizes with her but douglas
doesn't commenting that she's gone
julia then takes her cup of coffee and
goes outside to give it to mrs johnson
but the poor woman only gapes at her
before leaving
later that day julia goes to tracy's
house to visit the baby and find steven
cleaning outside
with hostility steven asks julia what
she's doing there and she replies that
she's just picking up the pieces
annoyed steven warns julia to stay out
of his business asserting he really
cares about carol
however julia only mocks steven and
tells him that he cares for carol like
he cares for his bike
he brings up her late husband in
retaliation saying he's left julia some
big shoes to fill since he was a doctor
while she's just a nurse
ignoring steven julia knocks on the door
and tracy annoyingly answers it
when julia asks how the baby is doing
tracy informs her that she sent carol
and her child away to her sister's house
in seattle since it would be better for
them to live there
surprised julia tells tracy that carol's
in no shape to travel but tracy doesn't
care and even claims that carol and the
baby made it to seattle just fine
in an attempt to justify her actions
tracy reasons that she needs to make a
living and that she can't stay with
carol and her baby the whole day
while julia understands she notes that
steven is still there as she looks out
the window
after tracy explains that she needs some
time to handle her problem with steven
julia asks about jenny she finds jenny
reading by the river
there julia gives her a new notebook and
the girl thanks her by writing in her
journal and showing it to julia
when julia asks if she hasn't been doing
her speech therapy jenny just asks in
turn what she can tell the jerk
stephen since jenny is selectively mute
julia tries to make her speak
but jenny only smiles jenny then shows
her some of her sketches of the tall man
and when julia asks if she believes that
he exists
jenny writes in her notebook that she
saw him as julia drives home jenny
recalls how the tall man was considered
to be an ancient legend
people talked about him all the time
because they're afraid of him the town's
people were always afraid that he'd take
another child
and when he did they'd be thankful that
it was someone else's and not theirs
when julia gets home her nanny christine
greets her
julia asks how her son's doing and
christine tells her that he's looking
forward to her getting home
inside julia goes to her son david's
room and hears him singing
she asks him what he did all day and
david explains the science experiment he
did with christine
that rainy evening julia plays with
david before having dinner
while she's putting him to sleep david
asks her if she still needs to go to
work the following day
and julia tells him that she does but
she'll try not to finish too late
david then asks if they can play again
and julia promises that they will
afterward julia helps christine in the
kitchen all the while talking about the
day they've had and about poor carol
julia shares what stephen told her
informing her of how terrible she is
compared to her late husband
this doesn't surprise christine and she
mentions that her husband was like a
saint in their town who helped everyone
out
julia apologizes for always bringing him
up but christine doesn't seem to mind
and brings out some alcohol instead
after getting drunk julia falls asleep
while reading a book and she wakes to
the sound of glass breaking
she then hears the radio playing a
sermon so she goes to check if it's
christine
downstairs julia finds no sign of
christine so she turns off the radio
confused julia goes to the kitchen to
drink some milk and when she turns
around
she finds christine on the floor bound
and gagged with her nose bleeding
julia immediately removes her gag and
asks her what happened but christine
only weeps
julia then rushes to david's room and
finds that her son is gone
she frantically searches for him around
the house and as she goes back down to
free christine
she sees the kidnapper by the door
wearing a mask while carrying david
the kidnapper runs away as soon as julia
spots him and when she tries to go after
them
julia trips over a chair not wasting any
time she collects herself and chases the
child thief
she catches up to his getaway vehicle
but unfortunately she slips and falls to
the ground
the cargo van suddenly stops and julia
quickly hides under it as she watches
the kidnapper get out and back inside
the vehicle
julia then gets up and peeks inside the
van where she sees david sleeping
without hesitation julia opens the door
and a dog from inside suddenly springs
on her
with the dog attacking her julia finds a
rock and she hits the dog with it
weak now julia stands and tries to get
in the van but the kidnapper suddenly
comes from out of nowhere
knocks her unconscious an injured julia
wakes inside the moving van with her
hands bound
the same dog watches her every move and
julia tries desperately to untie her
hands by scraping the rope against a
hole in the wall
when she manages to break free julia
punches through the glass car partition
and wraps her arms around the
kidnapper's neck
they fight over the steering wheel then
the dog bites julia's leg making it hard
for her to take control of the vehicle
as they gather speed the cargo vehicle
hits a fallen tree and gets knocked over
unscathed david manages to get out
through one of the doors and it isn't
long before the kidnapper follows him
the kidnapper picks david up and leaves
the crash site unbeknownst to julia and
the kidnapper jenny has witnessed
everything
before julia could get out of the
vehicle jenny leaves on her bicycle
finally free julia walks toward the
direction that the kidnapper took and
follows his footprints leading her to
the woods
julia hopelessly calls out for david but
he doesn't answer
as she walks around julia falls through
a hole and lands on what appears to be
quicksand
julia luckily gets out of it and when
she sits to take a short break she sees
all her body injuries
still julia continues her search for
david and when she gets tired
she lies down on the road where dodd
finds her dodd takes julia with him
promising her that they'll catch the
culprit
he then takes julia to the diner where
trish the owner helps her
before he leaves dot instructs chestnut
to take care of the woman
everyone at the diner keeps looking at
julia weirdly but she only ignores them
at trisha's instruction julia cleans up
then goes to her office
where she hears douglas and chestnut
arguing outside douglas tells the
sheriff to go to the mines and find out
what julia's up to
but chestnut isn't sure what to do the
two return inside and as julia changes
her clothes
she sees some sort of shrine and
trisha's office where pictures of the
missing children are posted on the wall
while looking at the photos she finds a
framed photo of her son david on the
table
unknown to julia one of the waiters
catches her looking at the children's
pictures
he immediately tells everyone what he
saw adding that julia suspects something
stephen volunteers to check on her but
douglas stops him while waiting for
julia to come back
douglas gets impatient and looks for her
when he finally realizes that she's gone
he lets everyone know that julia left
and that she's in the forest
everyone hurriedly leaves the diner then
grabs their weapons from their trucks
while douglas instructs stephen to bring
julia to him once he finds her
chester watches as the townspeople rush
to the forest and left with no other
choice
he follows them while driving chestnut
receives a call from the central in
seattle
informing him that they're sending
reinforcements and that dodd is chasing
the kidnapper
instead of going to the forest chestnut
heads to the old mining facility
not knowing that julia is hiding in his
car as soon as chestnut gets out
julia gets out too and immediately hides
she hears chestnut talking to someone
reporting that they've yet to catch her
and that she's in the forest chestnut
then returns to his car and drives away
while julia finds her way inside the
facility she looks for david there
searching one room after the other until
she finally sees him julia follows her
son to another room
only to be struck and incapacitated by
the kidnapper it is now revealed that
the kidnapper is actually mrs johnson
david's real mother david runs to mrs
johnson's arms
saying julia scares him when julia
regains consciousness she finds herself
bound in a chair
mrs johnson tells her that it took her
an hour to calm david down and get him
to recognize her
she accuses julia of brainwashing her
son of convincing him that his mother is
gone
increasingly furious mrs johnson demands
to know what julie is up to
she talks about the previous night which
was just like any other night where she
walked and walked in the woods in hopes
of finding her missing boy
by chance she stumbled upon julia's
house and saw david in the window
then the next day she went to trish who
made an altar for david as she did for
the rest of the missing kids
it was the day julia offered her a cup
of coffee and mrs johnson asks her if
she felt worried
guilty or cynical to offer coffee to the
very woman whose child she kidnapped
mrs johnson explains that she waited for
julia and the rest of the people to
leave
and when she told trish what she saw
trish didn't believe her at first
juliet was a trusted angel face after
all but when trish started to have
doubts about julia
mrs johnson told her that she'll break
into julia's house trish then decided to
keep her diner open all night while
everyone waited for mrs johnson's news
but instead of mrs johnson it was julia
who showed up at the diner
mrs johnson tells julia that after
seeing david in her house she thought
about calling the cops but decided
against it since she didn't trust them
all the cops have ever done for her is
kick her out of her house forcing her
and david to live in an abandoned
building
still fuming mrs johnson asks julia
where she took the other kids
threatening to kill her if she doesn't
tell the truth finally julia confesses
that she gave the kids to the tall man
mrs johnson asks who the tall man is but
julia only says that he's the one
everyone's been talking about
with her patients thinning mrs johnson
hits julia and knocks her over
david then enters the room and mrs
johnson promises him that julia will
never hurt him anymore
she then orders julia to admit to david
that she's been lying to him and as mrs
johnson approaches her
julia punches her in the face knocking
her unconscious
david immediately flees and hides as
julia goes after him but it's jenny who
locates him instead
when jenny is about to get david out of
there julia finds them and jenny
willingly gives david to her
the three of them leave and with jenny's
help they manage to get a truck and
drive away
at julia's house christine is nursing
her injuries while listening to the
radio
and when she sees a truck coming she
immediately greets julia at the door
julia informs her that they don't have
time since the whole town will be at her
house soon before solemnly adding that
it's over
christine carries david to the kitchen
while julia instructs jenny to go home
jenny refuses to leave and writes down
in her journal that she's sure christine
has called the tall man
she begs julia to take her to him too
but julia refuses promising that jenny
wouldn't bear it
in the kitchen christine distracts david
so she can drug him and when julia comes
inside
she tells christine that jenny knows
what they're doing they got sloppy and
jenny's been watching julia for weeks
julia then picks up david and as she's
about to go to the basement christine
asks her if they'll leave when she takes
david
without answering christine's question
julia goes to the basement and comes
back alone
she finds jenny still sitting in front
of her house then tells her that she
gave the tall man her name and address
there's a chance that he'll come for her
but if jenny mentions it to anybody he
will definitely come for her
but not in the way she wants julia warns
that he'll do things to her that she
can't even imagine
jenny understands this and she finally
leaves when julia asks her to
julia heads back inside the house and
while going upstairs the townsfolk start
arriving demanding her to open the door
she then lies on the couch and falls
asleep while christine watches her from
the doorway
meanwhile the cops start arriving too
the following morning
julia is sitting by the window when a
rock suddenly goes through it almost
hitting her
the local police finally take her away
and dot advises her to keep her head
down since they're about to face an
angry mob
before they leave the house they all see
that christine has hanged herself
once outside everyone tries to get a
shot at julia but the police managed to
get her in the car safely
as they drive away douglas throws a big
rock at the car breaking the glass and
hitting julia on the head
meanwhile the forensics team goes
through her house and dot and chestnut
learn that her basement leads to the
tunnels
serving as a passageway into the woods
dodd then instructs chestnut to gather
his men to search the tunnels but
unfortunately they find no sign
of the missing kids at the police
station's infirmary dodd tells julia
that they didn't find the kids
julia is then taken to the interrogation
room where dodd questions her about her
late husband
he asks her to describe her husband's
relationship with the people back then
and julia says that he kept his
community together by helping the
dignified town maintain its dignity
but when the mind shut down people
started suffering especially the
children
julia says she had to do something so
she kept them in her house and took care
of them with christine's help
when dodd asks her if it's true that she
gave the children to the tall man like
what misses
johnson claims julia claims that she
acted alone
dad then asks her if it's true that she
can't bear children and julia confirms
it
finally julia admits to kidnapping the
children but when dodd questions if she
killed them julia doesn't answer
meanwhile the authorities continue their
search for the missing children
including david
in prison mrs johnson meets dot who asks
her to appeal to julia as a mother and
to avoid any confrontation so julia
would open up
when mrs johnson faces her julia only
tells her that there's nothing she can
say that will give her comfort
crying mrs johnson laments over how much
she misses her son claiming that even
though she lives in a dump
she would still die for him however
julia only states that pain and defeat
are part of a cycle and that the system
is broken
it offers them nowhere to turn to for
support according to julia
it's just easier to give up and she even
adds that she's not better than mrs
johnson
she's just seen more julia believes that
every child is filled with potential and
hope
they should nourish that potential but
they don't instead they keep making the
same mistakes and continue
to let these children grow up broken
just like their parents
julia says that they have to break the
cycle and that's what she's been doing
all along
unfortunately julia is not making any
difference because when people ask for
real change
all the politicians will say is no you
can't do that there's a process
the cycle just goes on and on while
children continue to suffer
once julia is done talking mrs johnson
asks if the children of cold rock are
dead and julia admits that they are
saying she couldn't keep them all when
asked if the bodies are in the tunnels
julia claims they're in the forest
tunnels everywhere
defeated mrs johnson leaves at tracy's
house jenny witnesses stephen and her
mother fighting
when stephen hurts her jenny comes to
tracy's aid but they are both
overpowered and hit by the man
angry for what her boyfriend did to
jenny tracy hits steven's back with a
pipe wrench but they both laugh about it
afterward
disgusted by what she just saw jenny
runs off she goes to a field
where she is finally taken away by the
tall man he takes jenny to his car and
hides her under the seat before driving
away
the tall man takes jenny to an abandoned
house where she is provided with new
clothes
he then brings her to her new mother mrs
parker lee mrs parker lee asks jenny to
wait so she can talk to the tall man
he gives her jenny's newly acquired
passport which contains her new identity
as vera parker lee
as she tries to pay the tall man for his
service the tall man refuses to accept
it and steps into the light revealing
that he is julia's husband who everybody
thought was dead
he says the woman who got jenny there
has made a huge sacrifice and accepting
the money would be an insult to her
julia's husband then leaves and mrs
parker lee takes her newfound daughter's
hand
in cold rock dodd informs tracy that
they haven't found jenny yet
tracy then asks what will happen to
julia and he says the prosecution is
asking for the death penalty
however it's unlikely that it will be
granted unless she confesses where the
rest of the kids are
god promises that he will find jenny
before he leaves as the story of cold
rock comes to an end
jenny recalls her first mother
describing her as hard-working and
generous
jenny says tracy loved her and she loved
her first mother she then reminisces
about her second mother julia who took
care of her for just a short time
jenny states that she isn't sure if
she's a good person or not but julia
loved her and she loved her second
mother
lastly jenny talks about her third
mother who is teaching her about the
bigger world
jenny says her third mother loves her
and she loves her third mother
jenny has adjusted to her new
surroundings and is finally speaking
thanks to mrs parker lee
as jenny goes to school she notes how
her world has changed and how she tries
to follow its rules
in the park jenny sees david with his
new mother who calls him jeffrey
david seems happy and when he looks at
jenny he doesn't recognize her
she guesses that they've forgotten but
jenny says she isn't like the others
she can't forget every morning she wakes
up to the same thought of giving
everything up and running back home
but she keeps reminding herself that she
wanted this life and that she made it
happen
in the end jenny is left questioning if
things are really better that way
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching
[Music]